my name is Ashley HOD and I'm a student
here at Miami City Ballet summer
Miami City Ballet is different from
other summer programs I've attended
because there's a lot of different types
of dance we do you know we do jazz as
well as classical ballet neoclassical
ballet and it's really fun to learn the
differences and that's a lot different
than other summer programs I've been to
the best correction i've gotten this
week is probably to breathe throughout
each exercise because sometimes i get
stiff and forget to breathe and that
stopped me from reaching my fullest
movements but when i breathe i learned
that i can dance to my fullest extent
and really show everything that i've
been learning the most from jetta
because she really taught me that
classical ballet really helps with the
balance sheet style of dance as well as
any kind of dance that you do because
she has taught me that one style can
help everything and being a well-rounded
dancer is the best type of dancer you
can be and that's what those places are
looking for nowadays I'm learning dunk
you for the performance at the end of
the program Don Q is interesting to
dance because it's very classical and
that's not what I'm used to being
trained but now that I know the
variations that I'm doing
and I danced it full-out there it's
amazing because it's so different and
it's equally just as fun Saurus part of
my body would definitely be in my back
because it helps to strengthen
everywhere around my body and I've been
getting a lot of Corrections to
strengthen and stay strong you know with
my back helps my shoulders my neck my
legs and it's basically the core of my
body and so it's been good like so the
most fun I've had this week would
probably be Sunday when I went to the
pool with my friends at the University
and I've never been there before so it
was really nice and it was a great day
but this week inside a ballet class I
would say my rep class is Jetta it was
probably the most fun because we got to
learn the finale for the piece that
we're doing and it's really fun I want
to be a professional dancer because when
I was about 5 years old my mom took me
to see George Balanchine's The
Nutcracker and Lincoln Center and ever
since I saw the sugarplum fairy dance
I've always wanted to be her and that
role inspired me to want to become a
professional